hey guys it's Jen and today I'm here
with my friends of Whaley and Sofia we
did something a little bit different
because we all have monolids so we
decided be fun to kind of see our own
personal makeup low style on a different
different person so I did my tutorial on
Whaley that's like my Jen look Whaley
good over everyday look on Sofia and
then Sofia did her look on me which is
what I wanted to share with you on my
channel today so if you guys want to see
it then keep watching all these cute
small space I'm not used to like blob
and stuff on taking buck and I'm going
to put it I feel pretty different
even the people of have one was I feel
like yours are like kind of whiter and
your eyes are a little more angled this
bone is just so much more prominent let
me pop it in there that's what way we
was talking about her this flatter yeah
so what you were doing my just kind of
easy cut butter easy it just pops in
there yeah but I used to never use
shimmery colors on my words like I was
so mad I'm gonna sound like you're angry
like I'm so mad
no today I actually feel like our
eyelids are more similar than yeah it is
in the narcing way leaves uh-huh if
yours are just spaced out a little more
but we all have my lips yeah so I'm just
going to take a dark brown matte color
later yeah I'm gonna start into
definition so just a bit in the outer
being and I really don't blow this color
out so much I just keep it really
focused in that one
looks like your eyelet Sophie and just
like Shay drunken that's all
you're like to have a small abrasion
yeah no like the regular brushes that I
just use really quick like that would
cover your whole ayah so your normal eye
is like pretty smoky right well I kind
of seems to do but it doesn't look that
smoking on me I feel like I'm normally
and wear a lot and it doesn't look much
yes so this isn't my everyday but this
is something I do often whether it's an
event or going out or something I
actually don't even do highlight really
oh yeah it kind of tickles it does take
it it's been a really long time since
anybody else has done my makeup - that's
good it's weird being ticklish on your
eyes with oh yeah my eyes why are you
apologizing I'm gonna use a gel liner I
just like that it gives like a matte
finish where should I look down here
down this it looks a lot more subtle
wonder it looks hella dramatic yes well
you know what's weird when you open
almost the whole black line disappears I
know for me it does a difference between
our eyes because whatever I put on my
eyes you see all of it I think it's cuz
I have like a tiny symptom like you do
and she has like cuz you can either when
you leave and don't know you kind of
small yeah very small but you can't even
see like the line it is in a such
restroom like you know but when you
close away
it's pretty big yeah it's a thick line
and open so I'm gonna get stuck under
looks pretty little one she's like we'll
see nose I usually do my eyeliner pretty
quick do you like thicker than it looks
they're mysteries every every time
surprises I guess if you did a thicker
line of ticks away from eyes
mmm-hmm ever happen all the time pickle
works so hard on my eyeshadow and then
when I do eyeliner skirt to show up
it covers half of it just crazy it's
like nothing
yeah but it doesn't look like the way it
will obviously that's a point but well
your makeup doesn't look anything like
it looks only one way lee taemin up
there we're gonna take a brown so look
up that way oh look like Sophia yeah I
can do that and it won't look like super
small but if I had your eyes I
personally do it either that we're doing
minik oh I'll take this blue color put
that in the bottom third oh flashes okay
you're like so paranoid no it's fine all
right
yes doing a good job good job okay cuz
the lighters all come off it happens to
me every single time I come in okay whoa
is it crazy how long yeah there's a nice
Hey what I'd really like is I can see
them yeah look who's about to do first
what her freaking brows Oh Dean you're
wrong you always do them first always
better to the right now definitely
different doing makeup on somebody else
Monell is Monowitz is like honestly like
an American I I bust that out real bad
it's super easy so easy but to make a
wallet look good too yeah look color
it's so cute on you
wow thank you please did it have I been
waiting longer than you did me
this is more talented okay Whaley is
really fast but oh my god so hot okay
bronzer blush and I'm done just kind of
second do you use your contrary no oh
really yeah I know so you don't know
Ralphie so we have you and I since you
like how she includes you and it look
like you're going to a red carpet like
Prime or something I'll do it we just
feel like normal I'm nervous you're
trying to see it's probably just mostly
the lashes is better on us which flashes
could always change it oh no this is
what I this is the look so this is what
me so I'm just gonna use a new floss and
this is a mix but it lost I love honey
does that look like my makeup on her it
so it doesn't but that's what I did
so I'm ready I seriously look like I'm
going to go like you said like a red
carpet yeah she's driving but if you
look downwards to it the liner does look
like mine but when you look up it's gone
that's so dramatic
that's it dang though those lashes they
look good though yeah they look good
pretty Thanks sometime ready 3 2 1
hello you two hi should we do one more
yeah hi who's your just come closer
okay okay friends yeah hey guys it's
Adam thank you guys so much for watching
I hope you guys enjoyed it and don't
forget to check out Whaley and Sofia's
channels I'll make an annotation over
their faces and also link it down below
be sure you see the other two tutorials
because they're awesome
and Oreo approves of it as well hey do
they even see him the whole time don't
forget to hit like on this video if you
enjoyed it and subscribe to this channel
to see more videos we will talk to you
guys very soon and and watch everybody
else's video too
hey guys it's Jen and today I wanted to
show you this fresh spring makeup look
and I'm just going to barely dust that
in the crease of my eye I'm going to
smudge it to about the halfway point
into that lifted shape